# North Shoal Creek Neighborhood Association
## Board Meeting
### November 20, 2025

Scheduled start time 6:30 PM, with a pre-meeting at 5:30 PM to discuss Luminaria

### 5:30 PM Pre-meeting begins
Attendees: Anna Renery, Rosanna Martinez, Gully, Josh, Roger

Anna Renery: Luminaria Thursday December 18th, we will put up Yard Signs.  Idea to print the Yard Signs without a date to be able to re-use the yard signs in future years.  We are combining with the Pillow PTA.  Cookies, apple cider, OneTaco.  We have lots of leftover equipment from last year.  We will have a singer, different than the one last year.  Fake snow spray.  Katie Lee is not available to host the photo booth.  We retained the unused silent auction items to use for this event.  Dick Dunbar recommended a photo booth with a van.  All events will be on the Basketball Court.  We have the cambros to be filled with hot chocolate powder.  

Action item: We are requesting Pillow PTA to fill the Cambros with hot water, this is easier done inside the facility.  Option for them to do the Facilitron

The nominal budget for this event is $1000, we’re currently projecting about ~$1200 (high end estimate), but we expect to get ~$400 back from the silent auction.  We are hoping to get 200 tacos, which are partially subsidized in cost through OneTaco donation.  Pillow will have a DJ.  

Anna is recruiting volunteers.  Anna has $100 in the budget for string lights.  We need ~10 string lights to light up the IGLOO.  We are seeking 20 string lights.  

Action item: Need more volunteers.  The challenge last year was stringing the lights.  Tables for membership, crafts, eats, silent auction.  10 volunteers.  Main setup need is setting up the Igloo and stringing lights. It is our understanding to have Pillow fill up the bags and luminarias with sand and place them around.

Kat had an idea to have a Santa present, possibly have someone from the neighborhood dress up, Roger’s name was mentioned.  

Anna shared a link to the spreadsheet with all the Luminaria info.  

### 6:30 PM Board Meeting starts
Gully, John, Roger, Josh, Rosanna

We set the date for the next NSCNA Board Meeting as Tuesday Dec 9th at 5:30 PM.  Sharon Justice is open to the prospect of being on the executive team.  We are discussing the email burden.  John is open to being Treasurer.  Josh is asking if Amelia is open to being the chair of the Development Committee.  We are discussing the need for more social media.  Josh and others nominate Rosanna for President. Rosanna appears to accept the nomination.  Josh is seeking clarification on the board membership.  Ryan’s name came up, Rosanna emailed him, but declined the membership drive.  Josh clarified that the board involvement need not include the membership drive portion.  

John sought clarification for the role of “standing committee” which is in our bylaws.  Josh clarified the distinction as opposed to “special committee”.  

6:58 PM
Josh asks if Jacob E. may be interested in participating in the board.  He is participating in the Adopt-a-Creek program.  Val may not be able to participate.  We clarify the number of board members who need to attend for quorum for meetings.  

7:03 PM
We are summarizing the Luminaria meeting.  

Josh asked how the budget is doing.  We are wondering how the Luminarias will be placed with sand and the battery powered lights.  It is not clear who is doing this step this year.  We need to offer the lights to whoever is going to place these luminaria bags.  Our understanding is that PTA will handle the placement and assembly of the Luminarias.  We may need to order batteries.  

Action item: Gully to email Kat, Anna, Deb about clarifying who will take over these roles, and who will organize the Facilitron.  

7:14 PM
Rosanna is asking about kids singing for the Luminaria.

7:16 PM
Josh indicated that the Development project on MoPac access road may donate $10k to Austin Parks Foundation earmarked for parks improvement projects for NSC.  Whoever purchases the resources would get reimbursed with receipts through Austin Parks Foundation.  The Austin Parks Foundation would manage the finances.  We may need to sign a Memorandum of Understanding (MOU).  

7:27 PM meeting adjourned.
