# March 24 2025 Board meeting

Attendees:
- John Anderson
- Josh Conrad
- Anna Renery
- Roger Foreman
- Katie Lee
- Rosanna Martinez
- M. Gully-Santiago  
- Steven Weintraub


Held in person at Katie's house

5:33 PM Start of meeting.  

#### 1. Mission statement

- Rosanna shared the mission statement
- Board approved it

#### 2. Digital membership 

- We are discussing Zeffy.com, Brian is describing its features
- Allandale Neighborhood Association is using an alternative "membershipworks", it has wordpress support
- Zeffy has many pros we are discussing
- Accepted forms of payments:
    - Paypal appears not to be accepted on Zeffy
    - Accepted:
        - Credit cards
        - eChecks
        - etc...
- Not a wholesale replacement for wordpress, but has some benefits
- We want 1 slide per topic for the General membership meeting next Tuesday, April 
- Josh to share gmail credentials with Brian


#### 3. Discussing committee roles
Rosanna asks to clarify the roles of committees, and making sure they are aligned with current roles in pratice.
- Media Committee is advertising and website
- Development Committee is related to housing
- Social committee has a component of outread to local businesses
- Advertising and sponsorships go together

We are identifying the need to split out the sponsorship from "events".
Membership yard signs discussed as a fundraiser option.  "Membership card".  We need someone to take over Social Media, "Sponsorships and Advertising", and "Memberships" are 3 different roles.  

#### 4. Community Events
Anna discusses events.  April 6th, Sunday 11 AM - 1 PM at Pillow on the basketball court.  There will be egg hunt will be in the Garden, carrot picking.  Beverage dispensers have been ordered! Membership table.  "Donut walk" is like a cake walk, but with donuts-- like musical chairs.  Portable PA system is available through Anna, who is offering to set it up and use it.  "Fishing game" will be homemade game with prizes.  Plant swap with Darlene-- bring one and take one.  600 Eggs, with different areas for different ages.  $725 total budget, including the beverage dispensers.  We are discussing who will bring tables.  Maybe Adam could Emcee.  Josh volunteers Clarissa to lead rock painting.    

Discussing options for communication:
- Josh recommends we post to Nextdoor.  
- It has been posted to "BeNeighborly" app.  
- We don't have a NextDoor NSCNA account.  NextDoor has some streamlined communication options to look into. 


#### 5. Garage Sale / Hazardous Waste
- "Hazardous waste custom pickup" is no longer offered through the city.  
- Options to coordinate with the city.
- 3 different bulk pickups are available:
   - Yard waste, etc.
- May 3rd is the Neighborhood Garage Sale
- We are interested in options for Hazardous waste


#### 6. "Identity" Banners, logos, etc.
Rosanna is talking about mascots: Owls are favored.  Katie shows logo design options.  

#### 7. Budget
Propose getting everything into the budget now, so we do not have to approve additional line items later.  

#### 8. "Allandale Estates" sign
Josh is describing the history of the sign.  We want to change the sign to "North Shoal Creek".  Aside: we are discussing birds.  Birds is a connection to building habitats for birds.  Josh got a quote for the sign, close to $4k.  

#### 9. Membership outreach
$7 per shirt, you can sell for 2x.  Lawn signs are brought up as a great advertising.  Plant signs.  "Setting a target" 

Question on strategies for where to place the signs.

#### 10.  Storage shed
Josh got a quote for $120/month for storage, to solve the problem of all inventory being spread among peoples' homes.  

#### 11. How to spend the large funds
Community gardens can be funded through the city.  There's a neighborhood plan for this area, made in 2008.  

#### 12. Summary to tasks to-do for the April 1, 2025 General Membership Meeting


1. Josh and Brian to discuss Zeffy
2. Slides to be assembled
3. Facilitron to be paid
4. A/V to be spot-checked
5. MGS to bring spare "Safety/COA" brochures and giveaways
6. Rosanna suggests food at the Meeting, maybe cupcakes?
7. Need to approve the minutes from last time (printouts)
8. Need to approve the budget (also printouts)
9. Yard signs should go up for the meeting next week
