# North Shoal Creek Neighborhood Association 
## November 4, 2025   
### General Membership Meeting 
#### Pillow Elementary School Cafeteria. 


6:30 PM
(We are hosting the meeting in the Cafeteria because the Library is closed for the Pillow Book Fair)

6:35 PM
Amelia Cobb is discussing the “North Shoal Creek Neighborhood Contact Team”.  Amelia is passing out some documents with a large DBC logo.  There is an existing “Neighborhood Plan” that has been developed and approved by previous contact team and neighborhood association members.  The Contact Team is a distinct body, and has an official capacity and/or relationship with the City of Austin.  The Contact Team has been idle for some period of time, but Amelia and others are resuming activities.  The last time that the contact team got together was in 2022, at that time they reviewed the proposed development on Shoal Creek Blvd.  The team wanted to change the land use from “industrial” to “mixed used”.  David Hartman is representing the property owners of the proposed development, he previously represented the owners of the Shoal Creek development.  


6:42 PM
Sharon Justice (meeting attendee) clarifies that “Commercial services” may include doctors offices, lawyers offices, and other professional activities.  “Mixed used” may include residential and commercial.  

6:44 PM
Next Thursday, November 13th in the evening there will be a meeting for the Contact Team.  The only access into and out of the proposed development is on the MoPac access road, after the US 183 on ramp.  The claim is that this property will not alter the traffic east of the railroad tracks where most of the existing residential properties reside in our neighborhood.  Sharon recalls that the current construction on Shoal Creek is 330 units, the proposed new development would be ~720 units.  The new development proposes up to 185 feet tall (~15-18 stories).  They are not proposing any “SMART housing”.  Residents would have limited/no pedestrian access to Pillow or the rest of the neighborhood.  They have proposed $5-10k donation to the NSCNA.  The property has a “non-conforming” designation meaning that its current designation is not compatible with the proposed use.  

6:51 PM
Amelia summarizes that the proposed building is essentially a high-rise.  Amelia makes a comparison to 19-story buildings located at “Uptown Austin” the “Second Downtown” of Austin located at the Domain.  The audience is clarifying the request.  The height request is based on the “Burnet corridor plan” and not the “NSCNA neighborhood plan”.  Folks are clarifying and questioning the impacts of the neighborhood.  The closest bus route is a walk to Steck.  Amelia is describing the heritage and geographic overview of the neighborhood plan.  

6:59 PM
The new Pillow PTA president introduces herself.  She describes the risks of traffic from increased traffic due to the new builds.  Many concerns are being raised.  Rosanna requests clarification on what percentage increase this building would represent in comparison to the rest of the neighborhood.  The Contact Team is meeting next Thursday, November 13th at 6:15 PM at the Pillow Library.  Amelia asks to email her or Josh Conrad for more information.  There is a multiple-step process that culminates with a vote at City Council.  After the zoning decision at city council there are additional steps.  

7:12 PM
The discussion of the Contact Team is concluding.  We are discussing about the apartments on McCann across from the Bowling Alley.  They are proposing “Community Foundations” to demolishing some of the apartments to make more efficient apartments.  There was a letter indicating that the new deve be a larger/taller structure.

7:15 PM
We are discussing needs for social media, the prospect for print media.  The goal is to make the neighborhood feel more connected.  We are looking for a Treasurer.  Darlene is looking for “Zero-waste block leaders”, Darlene is saying that the trash has appeared to increase. There is a new initiative in January 2026.  

7:20 PM
Bibi the parent support specialist is expressing support and gratitude for the new benches, and for the Roots and Wings event.  We have a new PTA president, Dolores.  Dolores is now speaking, and commends Bibi and Principal DLT.  Dolores had her children here and had previously worked here.  Her daughter is a teacher here.  


7:26 PM
Bibi is describing the rezoning of the schools / schools consolidation.  These are Proposed changes.  Many kids will be sent to McBee and Padron.  Kids from Wooten zone will be sent to Pillow.  Some kids can be grandfathered in if they can arrange their own transportation.  They need 300 kids to come to Pillow to maintain the current staffing level.  Some positions may be cut.  Teachers may fear the risk of job loss and job uncertainty.  Bibi is the parent support specialist.  She wants to see the teachers and students supported as well.  

7:30 PM
(Looking around the room, I see ~23 attendees.)
We are discussing the current pattern of neighborhood adoption and choice of schools.  The school is 57 years old.  The AISD has requirements for school time and focus.  

7:35 PM
Sharon Justice is speaking.  She is requesting a resolution in support of recognizing 2 members and past leaders of the NSCNA who have made a big impact.  Mary Jane and Kevin Wier were central in planning and implementing the North Shoal Creek neighborhood mosaic bridge.  The proposal is to name the mosaic the “Mary Jane and Kevin Wier”.  Amelia moved to vote, and a second was heard.  The vote is by hand.  The vote is unanimous.  No nays were recognized.  


7:45 PM
Meeting minutes from September 2, 2025 were approved by acclamation.

7:47 PM
Meeting adjourned!
