# NSCNA board meeting
## Date: Monday, August 18, 2025 - 6 PM to 7:00 PM
### Room: John Gillum Branch (North Village) #1

Last meeting we aimed for a 30 minute business meeting and an optional 30 minute coworking for resolving any quick action items on the spot. 

#### Tentative Agenda (to be confirmed)
- Roots and Wings
- Plan for September General Membership meeting
- Allandale Estates Sign
- Austin Parks contacts/plans
- Fall/winter events planning/ National Night Out
- Labor day back to school bash
- Spirit Day Fundraisers


6:02 PM 
Meeting starts!

Topic 1: Roots & Wings

Subtopic– Urgent financial considerations for the event
We got awarded a $1300 grant for the Roots & Wings event!  We are discussing the Roots & Wings 501c4 document.  We can provide some documents.  Deborah will provide what we have and ask for clarification.  
Action item: Get a voided check from Steven.  We can do this live tonight. Steven wrote a voided check.  We will deliver this to Deborah.
We agreed to file the 501c4 form, including the $800 fee.  Annoying IRS form and very detailed to fill out.  We are discussing scenarios for who can fill this out.  Steven proposed we crowd source it– put it in a Google Doc or editable PDF.  We are discussing what is involved in the document and what information is needed.  Anna quoted a $1500 price for accounting.  

Subtopic– Specifics for the Roots & Wings event
Need to set a date for the Roots & Wings event.  The park day is “It’s My Park Day”, which November 1st.  We are going to get a huge pile of mulch and spread it across the parks.  Both events are about tree planting and migration and nature, so it seems natural to combine them.  The event would be in the morning.  November 1st is a Saturday.  “Tree Folks” may be able to provide the trees.  The grant funds may be able to be used for purchasing plants.  Tina (Steven’s wife) is an expert in this area and may be able to help.  Erin described a few scenarios for getting folks involved– speaker series, mosquito dunk bucket giveaways, pollinator gardens, tree care, mulching, etc.  A bird walk or bird observing aspect would align and may involve neighborhood kids.  


Topic 2: Treasurer Business

As a failsafe, we could use the community garden as the funding destination, they have a bank account that receives funding.  Treasury is in sound shape, the budget is balanced as of July 31.   Steven will drop off a $17 check to Anna.  

Topic 3: Allandale Estates Sign

Josh is in discussion with the property owner.  



Topic 4: National Night out

Tuesday October 7th is National Night Out:
https://www.austintexas.gov/department/national-night-out  
https://www.austintexas.gov/sites/default/files/files/Police/2025-Public-Registration.pdf


Topic 5: Fall Festival (nixing back-to-school event)

We are now asking about the Back to School Bash.  Anna is asking about person power for the events.  November 1 is the day after Halloween.  Most folks are not around for Labor Day Weekend.  We are discussing combining the efforts involved. The Roots and Wings has to be October 18th through Nov 2.  Anna describes the history, ~7 years ago, a “Fall Festival” near the garden center:  
Saturday Oct 18th “Roots & Wings City Celebration Fall Festival with NSCNA” 2-5 pm 
Nov 1st Roots & Wings / “It’s my Park Day” Mulch and work party (also serves as a backup bad weather day).
Discussing rock garden and rock painting.  We had paid for a bounce house water slide for the July 4th event, Kona Ice, and silent auction items can all occur at the Fall Festival.  We have agreed not to have the Back to School Event.  Kathy has asked about getting the PTA involved in the event.  
Action item: Reserve the School on Facilitron for both Oct 18th and Nov 1st.  We are also discussing hosting the event near the garden.  
The “It’s My Park Day” will have coffee and tacos, etc.  We have chairs, we have taco deals, etc.
Josh is pursuing “Adopt A ___” Park, and Street, and Creek programs.  

Topic 6: September General Meeting

Tuesday Sept 2, 2025 6:30-8 is the general membership meeting.  The nominating committee needs to be advertised at this meeting, and selected by the November meeting. 
