# April 2025 NSCNA Board meeting minutes
## at Rosanna's house
### 5:30 - 7 pm


Attendees
---------
- Rosanna Martinez
- John Anderson
- Roger Foreman
- Michael Gully-Santiago
- (Steven Weintraub)
- Anna Renery

Agenda
------
1. Approve March Board Meeting minutes
2. Pillow park access and fencing update
3. Desired Pillow playground renovations
4. Feedback on 2025 plan from neighbors
5. Sponsorship package
6. Membership Drive and “first year free” option
7. Zeffy rollout plan
8. Garden Memorial for Dr. Watson on May 3 at 6:00pm
9. Open discussion topics

Minutes
-------

1. Approve March Board Meeting minutes  
5:37 PM We approved the minutes.  Amendment to last month's minutes: Steven's name is not one them.

2. Pillow park access and fencing update  
The park access is locked on certain sides, there is still access, but it may not be clear how to get in.  We are discussing options.  Folks can still get in.  

3. Desired Pillow playground renovations  
Ground cover is coming up through the mulch in the playground area-- it is in a state of disrepair, seems hazardous.  What can be done.  Ask Kat?  Sections are overgrown.  Who is responsible-- Pillow or Parks and Recreation?  Discussing AISD.

4. Feedback on 2025 plan from neighbors  
Budget was approved, April 1 General meeting went well.

5. Sponsorship package  
Ways for businesses to get involved--news letter, silent auction.  Physical membership card.  Booths/presence at neighborhood events.  Sell sponsorship banners on the new fence.  El Dorado and other restaurants may be interested, for example.  Idea: pricing tiers on a one-page PDF.  Who would take on the sponsorship management.  Discussing physical card: tactile benefits of a card, drawback of having to maintain the physical card (do we print them out).  Idea: make the welcome email have "member card" that is printable.  

6. Membership Drive and “first year free” option  
We have a list of the apartments, and a better understanding of who is here.  Membership income makes up a smaller fraction of our income than sponsorships.  We are discussing the tradeoffs of free membership promotion.  Idea: rename the organization: does "Association" have a negative connotation?  Flyering-- "attendance is free".  Prospect of sending postcards to all units, but there is a cost associated with that.  Post card postage alone of all houses would be $350, postcard of all apartments and units would be over $1000.  Social media promotional options.  Idea: what about "Choose-your-own-donation".  Newsletter free, events are free, become a paid member

7. Zeffy rollout plan  
Zeffy accepts payments with no fees.  Push notifications.  Idea: make the welcome email have "member card" that is printed out.  John expressed an interest in having multiple "administrators" so that folks can log in.  We are maintaining 2 systems-- PayPal and Zeffy.  Zeffy is in motion.

8. Garden Memorial for Dr. Watson on May 3 at 6:00pm  
There will be a bench memorial by the garden. 

9. Open topics  
Traffic committee: Val sent a long email, she met with Mike Siegel.  We need to pick our priorities.   Halloween shutdown looks promising.  Living streets is a question.  Sidewalks on Rockwood could get funding from "Safe walks to school".  Discussion about Primrose having high-speed and dangerous.  We as a board agreed that the Rockwood sidewalk is the highest priority.  

10. Events coming up:
May 9th Garage Sale is coming up.  We need the signs.  We need to promote the event.  Proposal to change it to May 31st.  We decided to keep it on May 9th, there is a Book and Puzzle Swap on May 31st.  

11.  Any other topics
Storage at Anna's house-- 5 or 6 boxes.  Ideally we would get space at Pillow.  

12.  Next board meeting proposal for May 12th, a Monday at 5:30 pm.  


