# North Shoal Creek Neighborhood Association
# NSCNA General Membership Meeting  
## April 1, 2025  
### Pillow Elementary School  

6:40 Meeting begins by John Anderson

### Approval of last meeting's meeting minutes

6:45  
The January 7th 2025 General Membership meeting minutes are described and hard copies passed around.  Call for minutes to be approved by acclamation. Seconded.  Approved by Acclamation.

### Traffic and neighborhood concerns
6:50 PM  
Rosanna is discussing the Traffic committee.  There’s a slideshow with information of what is happening.  Living streets on Ashdale is pointed to as an example of ongoing traffic committee.  

6:54 PM  
“Foundation communities” proposed re-development is being discussed.  Deborah points out that we sent a letter of support as part of the Neighborhood Association.  

6:58 PM  
Discussion of the “living streets”—on Ashdale, the efforts do not appear effective so far—folks appear to be moving the road cones, and then they get moved back.  There are complaints on traffic driving too fast on Ashdale.  Someone named “Alissa” (sp?) has been signing up.  Emphasis on the interpretation that the “Living Streets” program appears to be ineffective.  

7:01 PM  
Folks recommend a microphone for next time for the presenters.  

### Membership, outreach, technology
7:02 PM  
New App: Piloting a new membership website “Zeffy”

7:04 PM  
Social-media, website, question: “Is there a social aspect to Zeffy”.

7:06 PM  
Discussion of the “Allandale estates” sign—possibility of renaming to “North Shoal Creek”

7:11 PM  
Discussion of local companies that can sponsor our events, ideas for how they can donate.  Many ideas on how to get folks involved.  Slide show will be circulated.  

7:13 PM  
“Spring festival” This Sunday! April 6th.  More clarity on the Plant swap is requested.  There’s going to be an egg hunt, snacks, etc.  11 AM to 1 PM.  Other events will be on July 4th, Halloween, and Luminaria.  

### Budget discussion
7:16 PM  
Budget discussions begins, there is about $39 in a money market account.  We got $1200 in sponsorships last year.  A desire to double the membership was described.  Amelia recommends a membership drive “thermometer” with folks tacking on incremental progress towards the goal.  This year we are planning $12,100 in expenses.  We are proposing $4000 for the sign renaming project.  We are in discussion with the neighbors.

7:24 PM  
Luminaria budget is being discussed.  The cost was $1000 last year, but ~$500 of that cost was subsidized through local sponsors.  The sponsors gave gift baskets and silent auctions, and the funds when back to us.  

7:26 PM  
Budget committee discussion is ongoing— about $2000 per year in general expenses.   We are planning to spend $8900 more than what we are bringing in, a large fraction of that cost is aimed at the sign project.  

7:34 PM  
We are discussing the financial aspects of drawing from the money market account.
(note: 23 members are currently present—at least 4 members left earlier).

7:36 PM  
Action items identified: 
1.	Bring up the green space project along Shoal Creek (south of Steck) with Mike Siegel’s office. 
2.	 Idea for a project proposed: decorate the railroad bridge with a mural “Welcome to North Shoal Creek” or some decorative sign.  This bridge currently has lots of graffiti.  

7:41 PM  
Motion to pass the budget is raised and seconded.  Motion passes by acclamation, the budget as proposed is passed.  

7:43 PM  
Steven is discussing the budget, all finished now, almost 30 minutes of discussion.  

### Discussion about 311, wrapping up
7:46 PM  
Iconic apartments overflowing garbage is being discussed.  Salvador Espinoza community liaison was contacted, a code inspector came to inspect.  Question about the Crosscreek parking—these are construction workers.  Meeting adjourned.
