# March 24 2025 Board meeting

Attendees:
- John Anderson
- Josh
- Anna
- Roger
- Katie Lee
- Rosanna
- M. Gully-Santiago  


Held in person at Katie's house

5:33 PM Start of meeting.  

#### 1. Mission statement

- Rosanna shared the mission statement
- Board approved it

#### 2. Digital membership 

- We are discussing Zeffy.com, Brian is describing its features
- Allandale Neighborhood Association is using an alternative "membershipworks", it has wordpress support
- Zeffy has many pros we are discussing
- Accepted forms of payments:
    - Paypal appears not to be accepted on Zeffy
    - Accepted:
        - Credit cards
        - eChecks
        - etc...
- Not a wholesale replacement for wordpress, but has some benefits
- We want 1 slide per topic for the General membership meeting next Tuesday, April 
- Josh to share gmail credentials with Brian


#### 3. Discussing committee roles
Rosanna asks to clarify the roles of committees, and making sure they are aligned with current roles in pratice.
- Media Committee is advertising and website
- Development Committee is related to housing
- Social committee has a component of outread to local businesses
- Advertising and sponsorships go together

We are identifying the need to split out the sponsorship from "events".
Membership yard signs discussed as a fundraiser option.  "Membership card".  We need someone to take over Social Media, "Sponsorships and Advertising", and "Memberships" are 3 different roles.  

#### 4. Community Events
Anna discusses events.  April 6th, Sunday 11 AM - 1 PM at Pillow on the basketball court.  There will be egg hunt will be in the Garden, carrot picking.  Beverage dispensers have been ordered! Membership table.  "Donut walk" is like a cake walk, but with donuts-- like musical chairs.  Portable PA system is available through Anna, who is offering to set it up and use it.  "Fishing game" will be homemade game with prizes.  Plant swap with Darlene-- bring one and take one.  600 Eggs, with different areas for different ages.  $725 total budget, including the beverage dispensers.  We are discussing who will bring tables.  Maybe Adam could Emcee.  Josh volunteers Clarissa to lead rock painting.    

Discussing options for communication:
- Josh recommends we post to Nextdoor.  
- It has been posted to "BeNeighborly" app.  
- We don't have a NextDoor NSCNA account.  NextDoor has some streamlined communication options to look into. 



#### 5. TBD


#### 6. Summary to tasks to-do for the April 1, 2025 General Membership Meeting

1. Josh and Brian to discuss Zeffy
2. Slides to be assembled
3. Facilitron to be paid
4. A/V to be spot-checked
5. MGS to bring spare "safety/COA" brochures and giveaways
6. 