# January 30, 2025
## Board meeting

Agenda comming in:
1. Brief Introduction of Board Members
2. 2025 Budget with review of 2024 final budget actuals.
3. Committee goals and plans.
4. Happenings in the neighborhood. 
5. Membership stats review - increase/decrease from last year and number of current members.
6. Revisit plans for $25,000+ contributed by NIssan
7. Newsletter - Plans for delivery (email/hand delivery/mail or any combination)
8. ByLaws - Reminder to review
9. Deborah: T-shirts
10. John: Meeting minutes from the General Meeting


### 6:36 Meeting Start
Board members introduce themselves

Discussing how to get "Quickbooks Online"  need a license.  We believe there is a way to get a discount.  Total assets exceed $39k.  Income is about 30:30:30 advertising:dues:contributions.  We are going through a paper printout of the budget.  Large events cost were $3280.

*Action item:*  
**Each committee should put together a budget for 2025.**

We are jumping to the topic of Nissan.  There is some discussion of asking Nissan about how to use the funds.  Discussing using the funds for the "Allandale Estates" Sign.  Josh Conrad has some written records, Steven has verbal recollection.  Rosanna and John are interested in approaching Town North to ask.  

### 6:52 PM Moving to social committee
Katie Lee-- no "grand plan" at the moment, still evaluating.  Rosanna asks about 
- "Aquapolooza", a former Summer event hosted at Pillow, may go back to circa 2014.  
- Hosting events at "Waterloo", could be an initiative to host Trivia event there.    
- Initiative: "neighborhood-wide" bulk pickup before the Garage Sale, since Austin Resource Recovery has moved towards "on-demand bulk pickup", instead of scheduled.  May be a nice newsletter article.  
- Halloween event with "haunted house" should expand on that.  
- Steven reports we used to have "Yard of the month"


### Happenings in the neighborhood  
- "Care committee" initiative?  Or maybe just newsletter.  
- Question-- who has the banner for the community garden?


### Membership
- Some stats:
    - 21 new and renewing housholds
    - 13 have filled out the form, 8 did not.  
    - 164 "Houshold-members"
    - 65 people who get the newsletter who are not current members
    - The neighborhood is 68% apartments
    - 18 Apartment complexes
- Desire to reach out to folks at apartments
- What is the historical trend in membership?
- We are a 501C4 organization
- How to reach apartment complexes
- Discussion about changing the yearly membership to "opt-out"
- John is chiming in on the membership: the fee is probably not the barrier
- Strategically timing the street canvassing with an event


### Newsletter  
Option to print hardcopies of the newsletter.  
The mission is to get people involved.  Discussion of merch, Katie said she does merch.  The cutoff for the newsletter is around the 20th of the month, Newsletter usually goes out on the 22nd or 23rd of the month.  

### Bylaws  
We plan to talk about the bylaws next time, John encourages us to review the bylaws.  

### Merch
Deborah is talking about Merch and Tote bags, $14 for a shirt in 24 packs.  "Oh Boy Printshop".  Katie has connections through her business for T-shirts.  Initiative:  
- Mascot for the neighborhood??  Many "oooohs" on this idea
- The idea of an owl mascot was brought up  
- Idea for a drawing contest
- "We need a theme" or a "theme for the year"
- The General Membership meeting minutes will need to be approved at the general meeting next time.  
- Third Thursday Feb 20, 6:30 PM will be the next meeting.

End of meeting 7:29 pm








