# Feb 20 2024 Board meeting

Attendees:
- John Anderson
- Josh
- Anna
- Steven
- Roger
- Katie Lee
- M. Gully-Santiago  
(No remote attendees, Zoom was offered and active)
- Val and Elio Benavidez 


## Tentative agenda:

1. Approve Jan 30 Board Meeting minutes, review Jan 7 General Minutes 
2. Proposed social event calendar and budget for 2025
3. Bylaws review
4. Next General Meeting (March 4th or April 1st?)
5. Setting up recurring calendar invites / updating website
6. Streamlining financial bookkeeping (Quickbooks online via TechSoup)
7. Redevelopment at Crossroads (c.f. Sharon Justice emails)-- NSCNA response?
8. Streamlining of Membership Subscriptions (PayPal Fee adjustments)
9. Committee updates

##defg   Detailed minutes

5:36 PM Start of meeting.  

#### 1. Minutes were approved by acclamation.

#### 2. Tentative Social event proposal:
- $5k total social budget
- "Spring Event" $800
    - April 5th or 6th
    - maybe an Egg Hunt
    - Duck pond
    - Gardening project of some sort
    - Painting rocks
    - Donuts / lemonade / waters
    - Silent auction?
    - Cake walk

Discussion of investments-- buying a 1-time purchase for "Kambro beverage cooler".  
Squeeky Frog farms has historically done a "plant sale" in the spring.  Could co-incide.

- 2 Garage Sales ~$100 each = $200 
(costs for replacing yard signs if needed, etc.)
- "July Fourth" ~$2000.
    - On a Friday this year
    - Chalk station
    - Carnival games
    - Permitting and road block priced-in
    - Donuts or Breakfast Tacos
    - Water sprinkler thing
    - Repeat 

- "Halloween Event"-- ~$300
    - Tentatively Saturday before Halloween
    - Pumpkin carve at Pillow
    - Sunset is at 6:49 pm 
    - Arrive around 6 pm
    - "Spooky Trail" starts at 7 pm

**Proposed Initiative**:  
Idea of shutting down the road on Rockwood for Halloween.  Lots of interest among the attendees, many questions about permitting.  Josh describes 311 website as having options for special requests like this.

- Winter/Luminaria $1000 budget (assuming we cover 100%)
    - Repeat of themes from last year
    - Reuse the snow machine, etc

Clarification: we can likely get offset costs from donations, etc.  The maximum cost to NSCNA is $5000, but likely much less due to these donations.  

**Proposed initiative**:  
Buy a permanent digital sign that we could put at a conspicuous corner in the neighborhood, perhaps at the "Allandale Estates" location, which has been under discussion for some time.  Lots of discussion and interest.  Some discussion of the potential barriers we could encounter.  Emphasis on reduction in needing to print adverts.  

- Final update: Working on T-shirt design.  

- 5:59 PM: Motion to approve $800 budget for April spring event.  Steven moves to amend to $999 to account for overage just-in-case.  Board approves.  Agreement appears to land on April 6th (Sunday) proposed, tentatively 10 AM - noon, or could be 11-1, or noon-3...  Easter is on April 20.  Saturday, April 5th is "Kite Festival" at the city.  Roger moves to vote, approved by Acclamation at 6:03 PM. 

- Proposal from Steven to host "Bulk waste pickup" in the neighborhood, idea to co-incide with the "Garage Sale" days. 
- 

#### 3. Bylaws review
Question of whether anyone wanted to make changes.  Membership from January 1 - December 31.  In practice, folks have been on a "rolling basis" where, if you join in July your membership lasts until next July.  

**Intiative proposed**:   
Use Salesforce or equivalent technology to accept digital and recurring payments.  

Agreed that we need not change the bylaws until we test the technology.

### 4. April 1st will be the next meeting
Set up recurring Google calendar event.  Desire to set up templates on Google Docs. 
Annual General membership meeting dates:
- January
- March (or April this year)
- September
- November
Gully and Josh to get together for setting up Google Calendars.  

Discussion of non-profit pricing for Tech Soup, Salesforce, Dropbox, etc.  



#### 7. Crossroads
- NSCNA Could provide a "letter of support" for affordable housing.

#### 8. Paypal
- Include fees in the pricing.  Tradeoffs in Paypal vs. Venmo.  
- Maybe look into "Zeffy" free for non-profits.  

#### 9. Committee updates

- Question of "neighborhood watch", agreed that folks can coordinate through nextdoor, police, or block by block.

